Update quick-start-tutorial.asciidoc (#681)
vaadin/docs: articles/fusion/tutorials/quick-start-tutorial.asciidoc

== Creating a New Vaadin Fusion Project

> Download a starter project from  https://start.vaadin.com/?preset=fusion-tutorial&dl[`start.vaadin.com/?preset=fusion-tutorial&dl`^]. Make sure you click the link rather than configuring a starter project yourself.

Reviewer: I think it would be simpler and more elegant to change this to 
```
Download a https://start.vaadin.com/?preset=fusion-tutorial&dl[`starter project`^].
```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Download a https://start.vaadin.com/?preset=fusion-tutorial&dl[preconfigured starter project for the Fusion Tutorial^].
(Make sure you click the link to the preconfigured project rather than configuring a project yourself.)
```
I'd avoid complex URLs in text.
